[IMP] Subscriptions: Fixed incorrect description of payment token behavior (#18441)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/subscriptions/scheduled_actions.rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
corresponding row on the :guilabel:`Scheduled Actions` dashboard, for a selected checkbox; if the
```

Reviewer: Should update this screenshot, as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
form in the :guilabel:`Execute Every` field.
```

Cleaning up a stray comma.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scheduled action creates an invoice when today's date is the same date as the :guilabel:`Next Invoice`.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the :guilabel:`Online payment` checkbox is selected on the :guilabel:`Other Info` tab, invoices
```

triggered automatically, however there are *also* many scheduled action options that appear in the

> database that are **not** activated by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Odoo, some scheduled actions are active by default to ensure that certain functions are
triggered automatically. However, there are *also* many scheduled action options that appear in the
database that are **not** activated by default.
```

Cleaning this sentence up a bit.

In Odoo **Subscriptions**, there are two scheduled actions that initiate the billing process for
active recurring subscriptions, as well as when billing should stop due to subscription expiration.

> They are turned on, by default and can be deactivated at any time in order to manage subscriptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are turned on by default and can be deactivated at any time in order to manage subscriptions
```

Cleaning up a stray comma.

Actions`.

> .. image:: scheduled_actions/scheduled-actions-technical-settings-page.png

Reviewer: You should probably update this screenshot to our current standards -- no red box or arrow.

   :alt: The scheduled actions option under the technical menu in the Odoo Settings application.

Doing so reveals a dedicated :guilabel:`Scheduled Actions` dashboard. On this page, there is a
complete list of scheduled actions for the entire database.

From here, enter `Subscription` in the search bar. Doing so provides four subscription-specific
results. The following documentation focuses on the last three results in the list:

- :guilabel:`Sale Subscription: generate recurring invoices and payments`
- :guilabel:`Sale Subscription: subscriptions expiration`
- :guilabel:`Sale Subscription: send reminder for subscriptions with no token`

> .. image:: scheduled_actions/scheduled-actions-page-subscription-results.png

Reviewer: Same for this screenshot -- should be updated to our current standards (no red box).

Accounts` section.

.. image:: scheduled_actions/deferred-settings-accounting.png

>    :alt: The necessary deferred account settings in the Odoo Accounting app's settings page.

Reviewer: This screen differs enough that you should verify it and update the screenshot to use our current standards. Check capitalization, as well.

> :guilabel:`Date of Next Invoice` fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Next Invoice` fields.
```

.. image:: scheduled_actions/confirmed-subscription-sales-order-fields.png

>    :alt: A confirmed subscription sales order in the Odoo Subscriptions application.

Reviewer: This screenshot should be updated to match what it reads in the UI (I'm looking at 18.4, FYI) and to avoid red boxes/arrows.

> To check if there is a :guilabel:`Payment Token`, open the :guilabel:`Other Info` tab, and look at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check if there is a :guilabel:`Payment Token`, open the :guilabel:`Other Info` tab of the subscription form, and check
```

the :guilabel:`Payment Token` field, under the :guilabel:`Subscription` section.

If there is no :guilabel:`Payment Token`, the system uses the :guilabel:`Sale Subscription: send
reminder for subscriptions with no token` scheduled action to send a payment reminder email to the
subscriber. After the subscriber has manually made a payment, an invoice is generated for the
subscription.

.. image:: scheduled_actions/payment-token-field.png

>    :alt: The Payment Token field under the Other Info tab on a subscription sales order form.

Reviewer: This screenshot should be updated for our current standards.

the end date has passed, which is configured on the subscription sales order.

.. image:: scheduled_actions/subscription-expiration-date.png

>    :alt: The expiration date on a subscription sales order in Odoo Subscriptions.

Reviewer: Update this screenshot

column.

.. image:: scheduled_actions/invoices-invoice-date-column.png

>    :alt: The Invoice Date column on subscriptions invoice page in Odoo Subscriptions app.

Reviewer: Update this screenshot

Unpaid subscriptions with an :guilabel:`Invoice Date` that are past the determined number of days in
the :guilabel:`Automatic Closing` field of a :guilabel:`Recurring Plan` are automatically closed by
the :guilabel:`Sale Subscription: subscriptions expiration` scheduled action.

.. image:: scheduled_actions/automatic-closing-field.png

>    :alt: The Automatic Closing field on a Recurring Plan form in Odoo Subscriptions.

Reviewer: Update this screenshot, as well.
